```
╔════════════════════╗  
║ March ░░░░░░░ 2021 ║   
╟──┬──┬──┬──┬──┬──╔══╗  
║░░│01│02│03│04│05║XX║  
╟──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──╚══╝  
║07│08│09│XX│11│12│13║  
╟──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──╢  
║14│15│16│17│18│19│20║  
╟──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──╢  
║21│22│23│24│25│26│27║  
╟──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──╢  
║28│29│30│31│░░│░░│░░║  
╚══╧══╧══╧══╧══╧══╧══╝  
```
----

2021-03-10-Wednesday

Been working on a separate project which has had me jump through a bunch of AWS hoops (mainly just relevant to deploying apps via Elastic Beanstalk), and I think I'm going to move this code over into more of a web interface starting now. The Flask project I'm using is in a separate private repo, but I'll see how much stuff I'll retain in here just to keep everything up to date here. It looks like there are ways to set up modular applications that are easily submodule-able using their `Blueprint` system. So probably that will be the way to go.

Still have all those items from last week to go over. I'll try and hit them one per day. Don't want to spend too much time worrying about these updates, would rather continue to develop this repo.

----

2021-03-06-Saturday

Bleh haven't written much at all, however I've been active every market day. Haven't added all that much different to my code yet, though I've continued contributing to the brokerage account. I'd say my past week has covered a handful of different items:
* Experiments with Alpaca's OTO orders and trailing stops.
* Some close calls that will help improve future code.
* Start with some paper trading.
* Seeing some API instability drama on the Alpaca Slack.
* Rough market week.
* Ordered a book.
* Need to switch up how I set up environments.

### OTO Orders and Trailing Stops
