```
╔════════════════════╗
║ February ░░░░ 2021 ║
╟──┬──┬──┬──┬──┬──┬──╢
║░░│01│02│03│04│05│06║
╟──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──╢
║07│08│09│10│11│12│13║
╟──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──╢
║14│15│16│17│18│19│20║
╟──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──┼──╢
║XX│22│XX│24│XX│26│27║
╚══╧══╧══╧══╧══╧══╧══╝
```

### 2021-02-25-Thursday

Not counting yesterday as a work day. Technically I did get some work on this project done. I had started buying SPY but then decided to switch over to SPYX instead. So before doing my normal random purchasing round I wrote up a quick function to take the value of my SPY shares, divide it by the value of SPYX, and then buy that many shares of SPYX, rounded to the ceiling.

And good thing I was going slow and testing every step, because before actually calling the live function I caught a bug that would have been rough on my account. No thanks to python's dynamic typing, I was using a value retrieved from a `Position` object which python preferably typed as a `string`, so that when I multiplied it by an integer, it concatenated the string to itself n-times instead of multiplying by n, haha. As in, if the first value was `2` and I wanted to multiply by `5`, I instead got `"22222"`. Which the order function probably would have casted as an integer. So...glad I caught that!

I think that is definitely another argument for making sure that I have the broker layer abstracted, so that I'm not using the information retrieved from their API directly, and can make sure to recast properly before doing anything. I made a project ticket for that. As much as I love Python, I think my preference is still for C# style static typing.

--

Today I did the random round of share buying again. And of course today also happened to be [the worst one day market loss since October](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/02/25/stock-market-open-to-close-news.html). The last time (i.e. the first time) I started dipping my toes into investing was last February/March, immediately before the covid dip. There's longer background there, for another time, but it wasn't really the market drop that scared me that much, it was more unwillingness to commit a lot of money and being more interested in options (and not being good or at least lucky with it). In any case, it basically cooled me on investing/trading maybe a little too much. So of course I missed out on a year's rally.

So totally acknowledging the past doesn't apply to the future, I'm still just going to stubbornly buy through whatever dips. Besides, I need to anyway to build up my account size to get to the stuff I'm interested in.

Goal for tonight is clean up my work from yesterday/today a little bit, maybe add a little legacy/one-off trade code section, and otherwise set something up so I can test out buying with stop losses/trailing stops tomorrow (paper trading). Just going to pick a random ticker off Reddit and place orders at an arbitrary interval and see what happens.

### 2021-02-23-Tuesday

My near term goal is to start with designing and live testing a dumb intraday scalping algorithm. I definitely would like to try with real money, but have a bit of time to get up to the $25k threshold. In the interest of stretching things out and not jumping in right away, I'm planning on building my account slowly up to that limit, over the course of a few weeks. Not going to spend too much time thinking about what I'm actually investing in, I'll just throw a certain amount into some sector ETFs until I have enough for the PDT rules.

And while I'm doing that I'll work on a that scalping algorithm in my paper trading account, do tutorials, collect resources, and read up on things.

### 2021-02-21-Sunday

Had it in mind to start investing and trading programmatically. Going to try and commit an hour per day. End goal is open, mainly learning (mainly more math, python, and infrastructure) and of course maybe earn a little more money on the side. Seems crazy _not_ to try given my skillset and current life circumstances.

I'm using [Alpaca](http://alpaca.markets) as my broker (it's API first), and currently just slowly dripping money in up to the PDT limit so I can start messing around with scalping. In the meantime doing tutorials and learning more about the finance side of things.
